Each line is a paragraph.

Summary (Max Baskin):
	One of the oldest political questions is whether to ban books and, if so, which books to ban. Even in the 21st century, different forces in American politics have supported banning certain books for a variety of reasons. Therefore, in this project, we have decided to investigate how opinions on book banning are impacted by political party affiliation. 
We used data from three specific questions on the General Social Survey (GSS): whether a book suggesting Black people are inferior should be removed, whether a book written by an Islamic religious leader “preaching hatred of the United States” should be removed and whether a book an anti-religious person wrote “against all churches and religions” should be removed. We also observed how these variables changed for people depending on their party affiliation (Republican, Democrat, or Independent) and the year of the survey (originally 1972 to 2022, but because the question about the Islamic religious leader only appeared on the survey beginning in 2008, we had to create two separate tables). 
After we had collected all the data, we used various visualization methods to help elucidate how different variables were affected by party affiliation and year. Initially, we used line graphs and other basic tools to show overall growth over time, but we also found that using multi-color bar charts to show the differences between parties was also quite revealing. While going in we had various preconceived notions about which party members might support removing which books, we actually found that, generally speaking, a majority of people from all three “parties” (Democratic, Republican, and Independent) did not support removing books. That being said, however, individual questions did have different proportions of people who favored removal - for example, more people overall, regardless of party, favored removing a book written by an Islamic religious leader against the United States than people who favored removing a book written by a person against all religions. In terms of time, we did notice some changes, especially over the period from 2018-2021 (likely given the tumultuous political climate during the COVID-19 pandemic). Overall, we think our project was quite revealing and could serve as a tool to help educate people on the differences (and surprisingly, similarities) between people from different parties and from different points in time regarding the contentious issue of book removals. 
